instead of stories aka snapchat it says
Instagram was kind of crushing it and
innovating in ways that I wanted
snapchat you so I pretty much fully
moved over to stories however there are
still a few limitations on story so I am
going to share a few secrets these are
top notch Instagram story hacks tell
anyone just kidding share this video if
you like it maybe hit that subscribe
button because I post videos every
Monday through Friday here text block
New York city-based
things around creativity I love for your
stick around anyways let's get to it
Instagram story you click on a person's
icon and you can go through their
stories throughout the day you can post
videos you can put pictures boom rings
all of that jazz first pro tip of the
day when you are uploading to your
Instagram story of course you can take a
picture or record a video via just the
app or you can swipe up to have a
selection of the arty existent pictures
and videos you have taken within 24
hours that's kind of hidden so that
might be new to some of you guys that's
not the juicy one the same approaches
involves uploading content from your
camera to your Instagram story from over
24 hours of posting that Instagram story
so you have a picture that you want to
upload from three days ago to four days
ago four weeks ago but guess what we
swipe up on Instagram it's not there
because it's not within the 24 hour
limit quick way to do that is just take
a snapshot of the picture we do the
snapshot on your phone it basically
tells the iPhone just the new picture
that I've taken within 24 hours and
guess what it will now show up in a fee
when you swipe out to post your
Instagram story it gets juicier okay
pro tip number three y'all are going to
like this one
you can change the date in your phone
which tells Instagram that you can post
any pictures or video from the date you
choose all the way to the current date
mic drop MRIs so the date currently for
me is May of the 20th today I did a lot
of shooting
at an event cool but say if I want a
toothpick post so say if I want to post
a picture or a video from May 10th or
May 12th or May 13th so I'm going to
change my date in my phone to May 10th
I'm going to exit out of Instagram I'm
going to reopen it and then I'm going to
swipe up to post my story and guess what
all the pictures and videos from May
10th May 11th May 12th May 13th May 14th
all the dates up until the current date
are now going to be available to close
to your story don't sleep on this pro
tip I got a lot of content creator fan
here make sure you share this share this
round people need to know the last
important thing to know what this is
make sure to change your time back in
your phone after you post it to
Instagram if you keep it to that date in
the past your phone will get very
confused Instagram will get confused
it's not good
so I change my phone date to May 10th
post the story post instagrams whatever
I need to do change it back to the
current time you watch your story and
boom the pictures are there it's good to
go if this video helped you let me know
hit that hit that like button make sure
to subscribe because I post videos every
single Monday through Friday at 7 p.m.
eastern singer time like I said I do
vlogs I do tech reviews I do a lot of
things focus around the creative
community and we just always live in
that creative life over here so you'll
go get creative with your Instagram
stories like it share it subscribe it I
will see you guys in the next video stay
peachy oh goodbye
you